DOCS-2: Remark about Authentification on Zookeeper (#7732)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/access_rights.md

Database access is not related to the [readonly](settings/permissions_for_queries.md#settings_readonly) setting. You can't grant full access to one database and `readonly` access to another one.

> ## ZooKeeper Authenticaton {#zookeeper-authentification}

Reviewer: I'd move this to the article about ZooKeeper configuration, this one is about access rights inside ClickHouse itself

> When you use [replication](table_engines/replication.md), ClickHouse stores replica's meta information in a ZooKeeper infrastructure. For more safety, set up authentification for ZooKeeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use [replication](table_engines/replication.md), ClickHouse stores replica's meta information in a ZooKeeper cluster. It is recommended to set up ZooKeeper authentification for security reasons.
```

> ClickHouse supports the `digest` [ACL scheme](https://zookeeper.apache.org/doc/current/zookeeperProgrammers.html#sc_ZooKeeperAccessControl) of the ZooKeeper security subsystem. The [zookeeper](server_settings/settings.md#server-settings_zookeeper) server configuration section allows setting up the username and password required for authenticating on the ZooKeeper server.

Reviewer: needs some example

Author: There is an example in the zookeeper server setting description.
